[toc]

# Presentation

## PART I: Opening

### Project Introduction

Hi! I’m Yani, the UI designer and quality assurancer of Team 10.  This presentation I’m gonna talk about our project and the software, iCanSort.

This project is “Animation of Sorting Algorithms and their Correctness”,  supervised by Dr. Heshan Du. It is highly related to the year 3 module, Algorithm's Correctness and Efficiency. We aimed to develop a software, that can animate the process of sorting and help beginners learn sorting algorithms and their correctness.

### Team Introduction

Now, let me briefly introduce our team to you. There are 6 members of us. Although most of us didn’t know each other before, we cooperated well and finished this project successfully. This may result from our clear division of labor in the group. Shiliang is our team leader. Yiming and I are UI designers, and we also formed the quality assurance team. Four members are in the technical team, who are Shiliang, Yijie, Yuting and Ruizi. Yuting and Yijie are also in charge of text editing.

### Agenda

The following presentation is divided into three parts. Firstly, Yuting will introduce you the software and its development process. In the next part, we will mainly discuss on the work we’ve done and how we managed to finish them. Then I will do a summary of today’s presentation.

Now let’s welcome Yuting. She will bring us the introduction of our software.

## PART II: Software Introduction

Thank you Yani. I am Yuting, the technical guy（得有一个笑点，如果不这样说的话那就a member of technical team） of Team 10. I will introduce iCanSort for you.

### Scene, Background

You know, learning sorting algorithms at first can help understand basic programming and algorithm concepts. Advanced learners may have to learn the knowledge of algorithm's correctness. Correctness, for those who don't know, is somehow a difficult point. 

### Describe Problems

When we were bidding, we were full of interest and enthusiasm for the project, and it was also very fortunate to meet Dr. Heshan Du as the supervisor. She gave us plenty of opportunities to exercise. This project does not give any mandatory requirements for software development, so she encouraged us to steadily follow the software engineering process, starting from the requirement gathering for stakeholders, to designing all software aspects, regardless of size, actively. During this process, We were not only programmers but also product managers of our projects.

### Story of Previous Work

（改成 Story of Competitive Products？previous work是不是有歧义，以为是【我们以前就做了的】）

In the process of requirement gathering, we have contacted many people of different programming levels. They are all seeking a way to learn sorting algorithms and algorithm correctness that is easier to understand. The current information on the Internet is often dazzling. It is even more difficult for beginners who do not have basic programming knowledge to find suitable learning materials. 

Designing suitable software processes, interfaces, contents for users with different basics has become the main problem of our early ideas. There are already some excellent sorting algorithm teaching websites on the market, such as Visualgo. However, after our research on it, it do not involve the teaching of algorithm correctness, and often less consideration is given to whether beginners can smoothly understand the content of the teaching. As far as we know, there are no learning software focusing on algorithm's correctness.  

### Software Introduction

Therefore, based on the information collected by requirement gathering and analyzing the advantages and disadvantages of existing software, we have created iCanSort, a one-stop sorting algorithm and algorithm correctness learning software.

### Advantages

For our improvement compared to competitive products, firstly, we make the animation smoother. For example, clicking event of buttons has a 3D effect, and navigating pages has a sliding effect. 

Secondly, many students may struggle with lessons that refer to correctness, so we decided to design a correctness section to help users understand correctness. 

Finally, for a better user experience, We designed the pop-up window to give the user a guide. What is more, the user can see their study progress and last visited history. We hope this way can improve user interaction. 

### Research, Acceptance Testing

So why we come up with such an idea? According to Naps and Grissom's research, different algorithm animation types could enhance users' understanding of the visualized processes. Hence, we aim to improve the learning experience in this way. 

And the result is also promising. We did acceptance testing after we finish the software. Participants all delighted with the design and stated that the knowledge is easy to understand using animation.

### Shortages

However, for our regrets and deficiencies, we have not yet designed some functions like after-class exercise are planned in the previous requirements. If only we had enough time!（虚拟语气，可以做一点稍微夸张的动作，叹气什么的）We would continue to make the software more sophisticated. 

This is the end of my time, now I want to introduce our boss:（笑点，引起观众注意）Shiliang to you , who will introduce our work to you.

## PART III: Outline of our Work

Hi. I am Shiliang, the leader of Team 10. Now let me take an overview of the whole project. 

This project took eight months and started from scratch. The whole team has made great efforts for it. The picture shows a rough timeline. Here are three milestones I would like to highlight.

### Requirements Gathering

However, because we spent a lot of time and effort on the preliminary design, not much time is left to implement functions. At that time, we also encountered another problem. Here is the second point I want to emphasize. According to the research, we found the most appropriate programming language for this project is JavaScript. So we decide to use React to build the UI interface and use Electron as the development framework. Although all of us have no foundation in these two programming languages, we used the winter vacation to learn relevant knowledge independently. At the end of the vacation, we had already completed some essential components.

### Time Management and Planning

Through self-learning during winter vacation, most members of the team are familiar with React and Electron. Then, at the beginning of the spring semester, we quickly completed all the functions. Finally, nearly 92% of user requirements have been achieved.

### Prototype and Structure

Prototype is designed mostly by Yiming and Yani. Look at these images! They are not quite beautiful, but have brought convenience to our discussion and unified our views.

When the winter vacation started, we discussed how the software's source code structure would be like. We finally decided a structure like the figure **shown on the screen**. 

### Testing, Peer Programming

Team 10 dedicated to build a strong, beautiful and robust software. So, we performed testing throughout the whole project. Unit testing, integration testing, release testing, acceptance testing… Almost every testing method that you can name, we conducted! 

### Agile, Sprints Snapshots

Apart from testing, we did peer programming for each piece of code. Each component we built was coded by two people. One would be monitoring while the other was coding. Wrong naming, missing semicolon, no comments… just go away!

Agile methodology is what we deployed to ensure the flexibility and customer engagement. We built the software while we receiving feedbacks from our customers. 10 sprints in total were conducted. In each sprint, we did accumulated work according to user stories to update the software feature by feature. Even in the winter holiday, we had stand-up meeting every day. So we kept high efficiency all the way along the project. 

### Code, Commits, Branches

Although we were doing a front-end project, coding was a huge job. In total we had 187273 + 58955 additions in code. 691+333 commits and 21 different branches for various features. Moreover, we spent more than 2000 hours on the project! Wow, what amazing numbers! Thanks to all of our teammates!

We took great effort on the project, in order to provide you a beautiful and useful iCanSort!

Now it's end for my part, I will give this presentation back to Yani.

## PART IV: Summarise

### Review

Thank you, Shiliang. We are coming to the end of today’s presentation, now let’s do a summary. So in the first part, we’ve provided you with an overview of our software and the whole development process, including some analysis. Then, our leader presented the workflow of our project, how we successfully developed iCanSort. We hope you got a clear idea of our project and software now. 

### Acknowledgement

During the development, many people offered us valuable help. First of all, many thanks to our supervisor, Dr. Heshan, for her careful（这个词要不要换） guidance of our project. We are also grateful to Dave, Bryan（我拼错了没） and Aidin, who patiently answered all our questions and provided us great help.

### Ending

This is the end of our presentation. Thanks for you listening, and have a good day.



因为**小标题是不会念出来的**，所以必须要在稿子里介绍自己现在在讲什么（小标题），不能直接切换。然后小标题之间要间隔稍微长一点这个问题已经改过了。

等图给完之后还得继续改稿子，you may see the figure..., as ... shown on the screen之类的话要说。